{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf500
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25400\viewh16000\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Questions:
\f1\b0 \ulnone \
\
1) How many users are we expecting will use the software - how scalable do we need it to be?\
\
2) What kind of theme/design are you looking for?\
\
3) Who are we targeting or catering too as clients (target market)?\
\
4) How many different categories of products do we have?\
\
5) How do you want to handle returns/defective products?\
\
6) Is it a marketplace of sellers, or one vendor selling the products? Worldwide?\
	if multiple sellers:\
		seller/consumer registration\
	if sellers: \
		Do we want sellers to have a profile page?\
			- What do we display here?\
		Who will handle shipping?\
		Who will handle the returns?\
			- Sellers or you (as in the client)\
		Who will handle inventory management?\
	\
7) How many different type of users? Admin, shopper, sellers\
\
8) Different types of shipping offers? \
\
9) Can we print the history of transactions? \
\
10) Any limits on purchasing? \
\
11) Are we allowed product reviews?\
\
12) Timeout/inactivity with a logout? Do you want a prompt? \
\
13) Do we want featured products?\
\
14) What is our landing page?\
\
15) Can only registered users view the website?\
	if no:\
		Do we have a landing page?\
	if yes:\
		What is our landing page\
\
16) Where do we direct you after login? Home Page\
\
17) Should it be optimized for every browser?\
\
18) What language do you want the website to be in?\
\
19) Any capability to add deals to products?\
\
20) What payments are we allowing to users? Credit card? PayPal? \
\
21) When do we consider the product to be sold? At purchase, shipping or upon being received?\
	- Do we allow for back-orders?}